today in 30 30 the life of
ah
all right
look
it's time to present this
set aside the life of we have gotten into
the time machine as we usually say
we go to the old testament
we agree with our friend David and
also with a group of people we are
hidden in a cave
God in his great mercy chose him
being the least to be the greatest god
God has chosen us God saved us
has given us the opportunity to have a
good church god has given us
God has covered us and we
has opened the possibility of serving God
in his mercy he has chosen us without
But when God chose and anointed
David did not sit on the throne
David was chosen but David had to
prepare David was chosen but he had
to fight David had the mandate but
had to plot the strategy god in his
wonderful mercy has chosen us
but we have to get our hands
to the work we have to have initiative
David put his trust in God and was
faithful was wise and was also brave
we have heard many times that we must
pray knowing that everything depends on God
but work as if everything depended on
us that's a great truth god does not
He sends us to cross our arms and wait
everything falls from the sky you have to
work but trusting and looking for
God's address
David had an army of men among
which highlighted 30 or 33 now
no no I remember it as they in
post and interpret the brave
David's were not always brave
some time ago they were ordinary people and
current let's read Samuel's first
chapter 22 verses 1 and 2
being is then gives life there fled to the
cave of adulam and when his brothers and
all his father's house they knew
they came there to him and they joined him
all afflicted and everyone who was
indebted and all those who were in
bitterness of spirit and was made head of
them and he had about four hundred
mens
this is the passage of the durán cave
that was there in the block of adulam
Well, as we have read vagabonds
exiled embittered indebted people who
had fled from his social circle for being
considered human scum
if you like to speculate, it is not possible
doubt that there were those who
a future would be the brave david
we have to meditate on this and we have
to put hands to work you have to fight
the brave david were forged
by the circumstances the brave ones of
David were committed to his
life with david is what we need
as children of god they were originally
about 400 men then they left
adding more until it becomes a
great army of these distinguished themselves
30 and of these only stood out some
how many do not know if it was 3 or 4
I'm going to mention the three brave
of David they were willing to give
all even give your life for David and his
village when they learned that their king had
thirst and dreamed of the water of velen them
without hesitation they were at the cost of his life
because of the risk that this involved
your king's dream needs goodbye this
same kind of courage through the
Christian history of the people of God
there have always been men and women who
they have given everything up to their own life by
achieve or maintain your king's dream
these sons and daughters of god have given it
everything for him have been able to not
back one millimeter in this
spiritual battle
have been able as we have said of no
yield one millimeter of land to
satan have been able to wield the
sword of the word of god in his hand
has fought the battle of faith and of
truth against anyone or whatever
that rises up against God
according to second of samuel chapter 21
verse 15 david was about to
die in battle but his brave ones what
they helped and fought for him
among them are warned and who was this
man warns and fought against a giant
called is living or whose spear weighed 34
kilos and killed the second man
mentions is if you see here and who was this
man if you see that there is a fight in the battle
of cobb and killed a giant called sad
the third brave mentioned here
it is the one of the ana who was this man the
ana and fought in the third war
against the Philistines in gov and killed
also a giant called goliat the
fourth brave david is jonathan
who was this man
jonathan in a fourth war against the
Philistines killed a giant who had 12
fingers in the hands and 12 fingers in the
feet
both avishai as if beckham elhanán and
jonathan fought against giants
men much bigger than them
men that seeing how they were dressed
watching the spear watching the luggage that
they were carrying but not in some cases not
he mentions it but they were men who
they were prepared for war
men stronger than them but not
they were afraid they did not clash and
they won
what were the characteristics of
these 34 brave first of all the
second delivery the availability and
third the value three brave
three examples three pillars pledge
love to a person love to david
commitment to the king chosen by God
corporate responsibility for
interests of the throne when david not
he could fight were his brave and he
they helped
they are the brave david and us in
30 plus 30 this afternoon I'll give you
we present there are many more but we
we wanted to focus on these few
what group are you from the original group of
general army of the brave 30
or of the first three
we've talked about david we talked about
that battle against goliat
we talked about Jonathan today the
brave of david
next week we will be with others
important data in David's life or what
we can better talk about their children
we could talk about Solomon
next week we will leave doubts
We present this space to you all
Wednesday the brave lives of today
from David